under marquee is a restaurant and is
a family restaurant both for
Who we are and why is it
oriented to the family to the family of
football and the family like us
we understand any family in our
star product are the pichangas and
here in the pichanga is the neighborhood track
or support for the gum depending on the
components the chorrillana is the
chorrillana palace by the chorrillano
palaces the Peruvian player the
sandwiches ministers hospital and we a
Italian audax the full letter has
reminiscences of what football is
here we do not talk about table one two three
four five but we talked about the
table d
if the density we talk about the table of the
kaiser beckenbauer we talk about that of the
george bar best
of the digital table and so on
I have no idea how much you estimate and 7-6 but
I do know who gave me each one because
there are not any bought are all
gifts from the people with the serene and
coquimbo requirements only was the
serene shirt but there was the
missing space and a fan comes up something
quimbo and I wonder but because he is not
coquimbo good because it has not arrived the
coquimbo shirt and called by
phone to your cousin to play in this
moment but at that time I was a player
of coquimbo and at 23 days all the
autographed t-shirt
that was the way we copied them, we told them
they look you do not know that we have
We send them pictures and we do not have the
of copied and the president said not to take
there's the shirt but let me
photograph first the audio campus
Italian palestinian colo colo
barneche a la un
I was born badva label hotel but I love
soccer play amateur and play still
more than then here on the tour the
t-shirts are also our clubs
then my team the shirt is the
that my 7 my team here in collective
the admiral simpson of collecting this is
our museographic rooms that
ambitiously we call football museum
and is counting in the history of sports
with the history of national football
international and also regional is a
project where you try to link what
it's the passion for soccer with my other
passion already professional that is the study
of history commercially it does not
works as well as with a museum where
charge entrance or nobody but here is
understood as a plus for those who
they visit the restaurant to which the people
takes out of the wallet the tickets that
are treasures that is what I went to the
final of the South American Cup
there also back, please save the
another letter brought me the diary with which
the newspaper rancahuaso title because
o'higgins was champion is said champions
you find an exact replica
of the liberators cup of the
intercontinental of the cup
champions and carlos are super objects
valuable
our region the aysén region does not
has professional football we have if
the visits every so often of some
equipment but thought through
this that effectively becomes
a sort of stadium inside
coyhaique like to see football from afar
but with the same passion if we can
be part of the football imaginary
Chilean